I told you I was a rapper baby girl
excuse me
I like you I like you it on alright
sixteens cuz I'm down for the cars ride
through the city with the grimy sauce
remoulade on my leg a righteous at our
fight for the Baja on a plane when
honing the player got officer today's
Louis luggage is trying to tell me to
stay within about a man trying to me I'm
Elaine pimping in the same when you
ain't got a live in you ain't got a
dollar just pay for the fish
don't hog a baby pass that man's getting
up on your hands like rats and okay they
spend it on anything clam oh shit fuck
all your pet chinchilla two shots and
says I'm fully planted on watch me has
taken people of God all these days I
can't it be top in handy my life happy
hello
tragic your bitches couldn't imagine a
kid I seen in my past in that's why I'm
all rappers ass in your leg bill for
what we hedge in your honor but he's got
me laugh in Chicago cry bitches ratchet
y'all went through this guy's in his car
rolled out in Josiah my brothers oh I
confide in we way be changing the tide
against west up and left in silence to
reconcile with high in fine Mike see a
penny
I think dogs check how we just said I
need you by my side
got some I have fish
you